Add new contributing.md (#2528)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you would like to make a contribution to an area not captured [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues?q=is%3Aopen%20is%3Aissue%20label%3A%22help%20wanted%22%20label%3A%22good%20first%20issue%22), first open an issue with a description of the change you would like to make and the problem it solves so it can be discussed before a pull request is submitted.

If you are working on an involved feature, please file a design proposal, more instructions can be found below, under [Before writing code](#before-writing-code).

## Before writing code

We've seen PRs, where customers would solve an issue in a way which either wouldn't fit into the E2E design because of how it's implemented, or it would change the E2E in a way, which is not something we'd like to do. To avoid these situations and potentially save you a lot of time, we encourage customers to discuss the preferred design with the team first. To do so, file a new design proposal issue, link to the issue you'd like to address, and provide detailed information about how you'd like to solve a specific problem.

> To file a design proposal, look for the relevant issue in the `New issue` page or simply click [proposal for IdWeb](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/blob/dev/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/design_proposal.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To file a design proposal, look for the relevant issue in the `New issue` page or simply click [proposal for IdWeb](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/new?assignees=&labels=design-proposal&projects=&template=design_proposal.md)
```
sorry, i had the wrong links earlier...this should open right to the proposal to fill out, not the md file
